you might be surprised to know
that aren't an you know take the
sleeping arrangement very
seriously and they make nest
every single day for resting and
for sleeping and then that is so
amazing
just hold them the body like up
to 60 killers but they can just
make it in three minutes from
branches they actually make a
can of blanket and a pillow on
the nest
they never use the whole nest
they always move to another
place or even in the same area
but they will use the different
branch to build their nest and a
very probably next
everyone to someday you'll sleep
on the nest but not with on them
nature's deadliest can amass are
the biggest lifesavers